feat(subscription):  add hover information on the status icon (#1130)
eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

### Bugfixes

- **Service Release Process**
  - Updated description regex & validation error message to prevent only spaces in short & long description
- **OSP Consent form**
  - Fixed missing street number in form [#1081](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/issues/1081)
- **App and Service Admin board**
  - Fix data disappearing issue on re-clicking active tab/filter in app/service admin board [#1100](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1100)
- **App & Service Subcription Managment**
  - Search place holder text updated
  - Show only available offer names at the top
  - Implement Hover-Information on the Status Icon of serviceSubscription
- **Admin Service Management**
  - Resolved service title overlap and improved responsiveness on the admin service detail page [#1112](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1112)

> ## Unreleased 2.2.0-RC3

Reviewer: Please fix the changelog, this is not correct

  - updated technical user details with user type and service endpoint fields. Also, updated copy icon color for better view and made copy icon available only when value is available [#1137](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1137)
- **Company Subscriptions**
  - update API query parameters and fix tab UI scroll [#1131](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1131)

> - **App & Service Subcription Managment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **App & Service Subscription Management**
```

> - - **App & Service Subcription Managment**
>   - Search place holder text updated, Show only available offer names at the top and Implement Hover-Information on the Status Icon of serviceSubscription[#1130](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1130)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **App & Service Subscription Management**
  - updated search place holder text - showing only available offer names at the top - and implemented hover information on the status icon of service subscription [#1130](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1130)
```
